This
He was able to interact with virtual illusions.
Obviously there is no true fate in the body
Could it be that
you
It's over. It's over. He was eaten by beads.
little brother
How come?
I can feel his pain
The resentment Shen Nuo just collected
Should be enough to suppress distractions
Damn it's alright
Must be just luck
This kid was actually able to enter the virtual illusion just now
It seems that the visitor is not good
Xian Yong hold on
Ah!
This child's extraordinary skills are generally no longer foundation building
I'm afraid it's already above the big city
How is that possible?
That's not possible.
There must be something wrong with the illusion itself
The pain went away.
He really broke the illusion
fairy
I saw you were unwell just now.
Is it better now?
I'm fine, this fairy friend is amazing
I don't know who Xianyou is
Sure enough, it is a white flexible green tea, who wouldn't?
Little brother, are you all right?
It's okay, who said it's okay?
Ah, it's a spiritual cockroach
Hmph, it's so easy to get a virtual illusion
I'm afraid it's a monster